-= Backyard =-
You are in a backyard. A normal one.

You lean against the wall, inadvertently pressing a secret button. The wall
opens up to reveal a patio chair. Why don't you take a picture of it, it'll last
longer! The patio chair is stylish. Unfortunately, there isn't a thing on it.
Oh! Why couldn't there just be stuff on it? You smell a terrible smell, and
follow it to a patio table. The patio table is stylish. Unfortunately, there
isn't a thing on it. Oh! Why couldn't there just be stuff on it? If you haven't
noticed it already, there seems to be something there by the wall, it's a BBQ.

There is a closed patio door leading north. There is a closed barn door leading
south. You need an exit without a door? You should try going east.

Your task is to: You are hungry! Let's cook a delicious meal. Check the cookbook in the kitchen
for the recipe. Once done, enjoy your meal!
> think: To solve the task, I need to find the kitchen and find the cookbook, then just follow the instruction from the cookbook to cook the meal.
> look
-= Backyard =-
You are in a backyard. A normal one.

You lean against the wall, inadvertently pressing a secret button. The wall
opens up to reveal a patio chair. Why don't you take a picture of it, it'll last
longer! The patio chair is stylish. Unfortunately, there isn't a thing on it.
Oh! Why couldn't there just be stuff on it? You smell a terrible smell, and
follow it to a patio table. The patio table is stylish. Unfortunately, there
isn't a thing on it. Oh! Why couldn't there just be stuff on it? If you haven't
noticed it already, there seems to be something there by the wall, it's a BBQ.

There is a closed patio door leading north. There is a closed barn door leading
south. You need an exit without a door? You should try going east.
> think: First I need to find the kitchen. I need to go around to find the kitchen.
Ok.
> open patio door
You open patio door.
> go north
-= Kitchen =-
Well, here we are in a kitchen. You begin to take stock of what's here.

You can make out a fridge. The light flickers for a second, but nothing else
happens. You see a closed oven right there by you. You hear a noise behind you
and spin around, but you can't see anything other than a table. The table is
massive. The table appears to be empty. Oh! Why couldn't there just be stuff on
it? As if things weren't amazing enough already, you can even see a counter. On
the counter you can make out a cookbook and a knife. You can make out a stove!
The stove is conventional. However, the stove, like an empty stove, has nothing
on it.

There is a closed plain door leading east. There is an open patio door leading
south. There is an exit to the north. There is an exit to the west. Don't worry,
there is no door.
> think: Now I fortunately find the kitchen, then I need to find the cookbook which will guide me for the cooking task.
Ok.
> examine cookbook
You open the copy of "Cooking: A Modern Approach (3rd Ed.)" and start reading:

Recipe #1
---------
Gather all following ingredients and follow the directions to prepare this tasty
meal.

Ingredients:
pork chop
  yellow bell pepper

Directions:
slice the pork chop
  roast the pork chop
  dice the yellow bell pepper
  roast the yellow bell pepper
  prepare meal
> think: Now I find the recipe, I need to first collect every ingredients I need: pork chop and yellow bell pepper. First, I have to check my inventory to make sure what I have.
Ok.
> inventory
You are carrying: a yellow bell pepper, a yellow apple and an orange bell
pepper.
> think: I have already get yellow bell pepper, I only need pork chop right now. I can examine fridge to find the pork chop
Ok.
> examine fridge
The fridge looks stuffy. You can't see inside it because the lid's in your way.
> think: I need to open fridge first.
Ok.
> open fridge
You open the fridge, revealing a raw pork chop.
> think: Now I find the pork chop, I need to take it out.
Ok.
> take raw pork chop
You take the pork chop from the fridge.



Your score has just gone up by one point.
> think: Now I am carrying all ingredients for the recipe. I need to follow the instruction of the recipe. First, slice the pork chop.
Ok.
>  dice raw pork chop
What do you want to dice the pork chop with?
> think: I need knife to chop or dice the pork chop.
Ok.
> take knife
You take the knife from the counter.
> think: Now I get the knife, I can slice or dice the pork chop
Ok.
> dice raw pork chop
(with the knife)
You dice the pork chop.



                              *** You lost! ***

You scored 1 out of a possible 7, in 9 turns.


Would you like to RESTART, RESTORE a saved game, QUIT or UNDO the last command?
>

Done after 8 steps. Score 1/7.

STATUS: FAIL
New plan: I lost because I use wrong cooking method. The recipe instruct me to slice the pork chop, but I use knife to dice it which is not appropriate. I need to chop it with knife. Next, I need to choose dice/chop/slice base on the instruction of the recipe.